
Explain in your own words what is Python? 
Answer: Python is an interpreted, object-oriented, high-level programming language with dynamic semantics. Its high-level built in data structures, combined with dynamic typing and dynamic binding, make it very attractive for Rapid Application Development, as well as for use as a scripting or glue language to connect existing components together. Python's simple, easy to learn syntax emphasizes readability and therefore reduces the cost of program maintenance. Python supports modules and packages, which encourages program modularity and code reuse. The Python interpreter and the extensive standard library are available in source or binary form without charge for all major platforms and can be freely distributed.

Explain Data Python Data Types 
Answer:
Data types are the classification or categorization of data items. It represents the kind of value that tells what operations can be performed on a particular data. Since everything is an object in Python programming, data types are classes and variables are instance (object) of these classes.
Following are the standard or built-in data type of Python: 
 
Numeric 
Sequence Type 
Boolean 
Set 
Dictionary 
 
 



Explain in your own words What is a function? 
Answer:
A function is a relation that maps a set of inputs, or the domain, to the set of outputs, or the range. Note that for a function, one input cannot map to more than one output, but one output may be mapped to more than one input.


Explain the Python print statement 
Answer: 
The simplest way to produce output is using the print() function where you can pass zero or more expressions separated by commas. This function converts the expressions you pass into a string before writing to the screen. 
Syntax: print(value(s), sep= ‘ ‘, end = ‘\n’, file=file, flush=flush)
Parameters: 
value(s) : Any value, and as many as you like. Will be converted to string before printed 
sep=’separator’ : (Optional) Specify how to separate the objects, if there is more than one.Default :’ ‘ 
end=’end’: (Optional) Specify what to print at the end.Default : ‘\n’ 
file : (Optional) An object with a write method. Default :sys.stdout 
flush : (Optional) A Boolean, specifying if the output is flushed (True) or buffered (False). Default: False
Returns: It returns output to the screen.

